Updated docs with nginx config for upstream proxy of path-based Interactive tools (#15227)
galaxyproject/galaxy: doc/source/admin/special_topics/interactivetools.rst

`gravity` will automatically start the needed proxy server.

The following configuration is only recommended for local testing, as users will directly connect to the InteractiveTool Proxy.
In a production setup an upstream proxy should route requests to the proxy via the ``*.interactivetool.yourdomain`` subdomain,

> or use path-based proxying for interactive tools that supports that (``requires_domain=False``, see below for more details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or use path-based proxying for interactive tools that support it (``requires_domain=False``, see below for more details).
```
